stable/sentry/README.md, before:

# Sentry

[Sentry](https://sentry.io/) is a cross-platform crash reporting and aggregation platform.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install --wait stable/sentry
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

It also packages the [PostgreSQL](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/postgresql) and [Redis](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/redis) which are required for Sentry.

> **Warning**: This chart does not yet allow for you to specify your own database host or redis host.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.4+ with Beta APIs enabled
- helm >= v2.3.0 to run "weighted" hooks in right order.
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure (with persistence storage enabled)

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release --wait stable/sentry
```

> **Note**: We have to use the --wait flag for initial creation because the database creationg takes longer than the default 300 seconds

The command deploys Sentry on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

> **Warning**: Jobs are not deleted automatically. They need to be manually deleted
```consule
$ helm delete job/sentry-db-init job/sentry-user-create
```

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the Sentry chart and their default values.

| Parameter                            | Description                                | Default                                                    |
| -------------------------------      | -------------------------------            | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `image.repository`                   | Sentry image                               | `library/sentry:{VERSION}`                                 |
| `image.tag`                          | Sentry image tag                           | `8.17`                                                     |
| `imagePullPolicy`                    | Image pull policy                          | `IfNotPresent`                                             |
| `web.replicacount`                   | Amount of web pods to run                  | `1`                                                        |
| `user.email`                         | Username for default admin                 | `admin@sentry.local`                                       |
| `email.from_address`                 | Email notifications are from               | `smtp`                                                     |
| `email.host`                         | SMTP host for sending email                | `smtp`                                                     |
| `email.port`                         | SMTP port                                  | `25`                                                       |
| `email.user`                         | SMTP user                                  | `nil`                                                      |
| `email.password`                     | SMTP password                              | `nil`                                                      |
| `email.use_tls`                      | SMTP TLS for security                      | `false`                                                    |
| `email.enable_replies`               | Allow email replies                        | `false`                                                    |
| `service.type`                       | Kubernetes service type                    | `LoadBalancer`                                             |
| `service.name`                       | Kubernetes service name                    | `sentry`                                                   |
| `service.name`                       | Kubernetes service name                    | `sentry`                                                   |
| `service.externalPort`               | Kubernetes external service port           | `9000`                                                     |
| `service.internalPort`               | Kubernetes internal service port           | `9000`                                                     |
| `ingress.enabled`                    | Enable ingress controller resource         | `false`                                                    |
| `ingress.annotations`                | Ingress annotations                        | `{}`                                                       |
| `ingress.hostname`                   | URL to address your Sentry installation    | `sentry.local`                                             |
| `ingress.tls`                        | Ingress TLS configuration                  | `[]`                                                       |
| `persistence.enabled`                | Enable persistence using PVC               | `true`                                                     |
| `persistence.storageClass`           | PVC Storage Class                          | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)                |
| `persistence.accessMode`             | PVC Access Mode                            | `ReadWriteOnce`                                            |
| `persistence.size`                   | PVC Storage Request                        | `10Gi`                                                     |

Dependent charts can also have values overwritten. Preface values with postgresql.* or redis.*

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set persistence.enabled=false,email.host=email \
    stable/sentry
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sentry
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Persistence

The [Sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/docker-sentry) image stores the Sentry data  at the `/var/lib/sentry/files` path of the container.

Persistent Volume Claims are used to keep the data across deployments. This is known to work in GCE, AWS, and minikube.
See the [Configuration](#configuration) section to configure the PVC or to disable persistence.

## Ingress

This chart provides support for Ingress resource. If you have available an Ingress Controller such as Nginx or Traefik you maybe want to set up `ingress.enabled` to true and choose a `ingress.hostname` for the URL. Then, you should be able to access the installation using that address.

Commit message:

- Updated README.md with installing command when using custom config.yaml file - Update dependency/redis chart version to "0.8.1" - Fixed bug in 'user-create.job.yaml' to use admin user email from 'values.yaml' file instead of hardcoded value "admin@sentry.local"

stable/sentry/README.md, after:

# Sentry

[Sentry](https://sentry.io/) is a cross-platform crash reporting and aggregation platform.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install --wait stable/sentry
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

It also packages the [PostgreSQL](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/postgresql) and [Redis](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/redis) which are required for Sentry.

> **Warning**: This chart does not yet allow for you to specify your own database host or redis host.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.4+ with Beta APIs enabled
- helm >= v2.3.0 to run "weighted" hooks in right order.
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure (with persistence storage enabled)

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release --wait stable/sentry
```

To install the chart with custom config.yaml and release name `my-release`:
```console
$ helm install -f config.yaml --name my-release --wait stable/sentry
```

> **Note**: We have to use the --wait flag for initial creation because the database creationg takes longer than the default 300 seconds

The command deploys Sentry on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

> **Warning**: Jobs are not deleted automatically. They need to be manually deleted
```consule
$ helm delete job/sentry-db-init job/sentry-user-create
```

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the Sentry chart and their default values.

| Parameter                            | Description                                | Default                                                    |
| -------------------------------      | -------------------------------            | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `image.repository`                   | Sentry image                               | `library/sentry:{VERSION}`                                 |
| `image.tag`                          | Sentry image tag                           | `8.17`                                                     |
| `imagePullPolicy`                    | Image pull policy                          | `IfNotPresent`                                             |
| `web.replicacount`                   | Amount of web pods to run                  | `1`                                                        |
| `user.email`                         | Username for default admin                 | `admin@sentry.local`                                       |
| `email.from_address`                 | Email notifications are from               | `smtp`                                                     |
| `email.host`                         | SMTP host for sending email                | `smtp`                                                     |
| `email.port`                         | SMTP port                                  | `25`                                                       |
| `email.user`                         | SMTP user                                  | `nil`                                                      |
| `email.password`                     | SMTP password                              | `nil`                                                      |
| `email.use_tls`                      | SMTP TLS for security                      | `false`                                                    |
| `email.enable_replies`               | Allow email replies                        | `false`                                                    |
| `service.type`                       | Kubernetes service type                    | `LoadBalancer`                                             |
| `service.name`                       | Kubernetes service name                    | `sentry`                                                   |
| `service.name`                       | Kubernetes service name                    | `sentry`                                                   |
| `service.externalPort`               | Kubernetes external service port           | `9000`                                                     |
| `service.internalPort`               | Kubernetes internal service port           | `9000`                                                     |
| `ingress.enabled`                    | Enable ingress controller resource         | `false`                                                    |
| `ingress.annotations`                | Ingress annotations                        | `{}`                                                       |
| `ingress.hostname`                   | URL to address your Sentry installation    | `sentry.local`                                             |
| `ingress.tls`                        | Ingress TLS configuration                  | `[]`                                                       |
| `persistence.enabled`                | Enable persistence using PVC               | `true`                                                     |
| `persistence.storageClass`           | PVC Storage Class                          | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)                |
| `persistence.accessMode`             | PVC Access Mode                            | `ReadWriteOnce`                                            |
| `persistence.size`                   | PVC Storage Request                        | `10Gi`                                                     |

Dependent charts can also have values overwritten. Preface values with postgresql.* or redis.*

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set persistence.enabled=false,email.host=email \
    stable/sentry
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sentry
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Persistence

The [Sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/docker-sentry) image stores the Sentry data  at the `/var/lib/sentry/files` path of the container.

Persistent Volume Claims are used to keep the data across deployments. This is known to work in GCE, AWS, and minikube.
See the [Configuration](#configuration) section to configure the PVC or to disable persistence.

## Ingress

This chart provides support for Ingress resource. If you have available an Ingress Controller such as Nginx or Traefik you maybe want to set up `ingress.enabled` to true and choose a `ingress.hostname` for the URL. Then, you should be able to access the installation using that address.
